A: Remember MAIN: the four letters composed of only two symbols.  How do you remember which one's which?  I don't know, but they're all pretty common so you'll get it eventually.
B: B is like D but with an extra curve, and also with an extra dot.
C: Why is C so complicated?  I use the mnemonic CO-ca CO-la.  Notice that there's no letter for the mirror image.
D: Follows the syllable stress in Dracula, if that helps.
E: You can remember this one.
F: This is a hard one, I just remember that L and F are similar, just mirror images.  It's worse because F comes before L alphabetically, but the dash comes earlier in L.
G: Another hard one.  G's mirror is W.  For some reason G is the letter I'm most likely to forget.
H: Four dots.  Also one of the most square looking letters.
I: See A.  All vowels start with a dot except O (which is easy to remember).
J: J, Y, and Q are the only letters with 3 dashes and 1 dot.  Q has a nice mnemonic, Y kind of looks like a Y, and J... is left over.  Note that there's no dash-dash-dash-dot letter.  Maybe to make O stand out more.
K: Kind of reminds you of a K, there are two sticks connected at a joint.
L: See F
M: See A.  Probably makes the most intuitive sense among the two-symbol letters.
N: See A.  Similar to M, but shorter since it's a more common letter.
O: Everyone knows SOS.  And you'd expect the S to be the shorter one, since you have to do it twice, and it is.
P: A weirdly long one given that P isn't a rare letter.  Inverse of X.
Q: GOD SAVE the QUEEN!  Also, See J.
R: Inverse of K, but shorter, given that R is more common.
S: See O
T: See E
U: The rarest vowel, and the hardest to remember.  Kind of a combination of A and I.
V: This one is easy to remember, it sounds like the opening of Beethoven's 5th symphony.  Also, V is the Roman numeral for 5!
W: See G.  Like U, but the middle dot is a dash, because it's a double-U?
X: It does kind of remind you of an X.
Y: See J.  Looks like a Y, three bars connected at a joint.
Z: Doesn't really look like a Z, but whatever.